Yesssssssssssssss?
There are Winners and there are Users, and you are, my friend, a Uuuuuuser.
No help in the world will help you.
Snappy cat snaps snaps snaps
Don't RTFM!
Please go, I'm sleeping.
Meowwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww.
No help for you, come back in 2 days!
Go chase butterflies on Mars.
My pixels are wasted on you.
What? Did you expect a cuddly creature? Get a dog!
Here's the help, if you can comprehend it.
This is probably too complicated for you.
What are you doing here? Go and call an expert!
Please don't read it, you won't get it anyway.
See my tail? Focus on it. Now go away.
We are all but innocent in a world where psychopathic laser-eye cats reign.
Laser, set, go!!!
'Member when we intentionally did exclamation marks like this!!1
Bribery before help.
Take your time, I have nothing better to do in life than watching you read the Help.
Hey you, wanna buy a furball?
Don't stare, buddy.
I look away, you're hideous.
Take me drunk, I'm home.
Your face is perfect for the radio.
Your voice is perfect for a silent film.
Be Careful My Cat Scorches.
If these eyes turn green you better run away.
Common, read the Help, like it would do you any good.
Are you sure you're at the right place?
You seem lost.
What's that? Made you look! Hihihimeowwww.
A cat never laughs with you, it's always at you Hihihihimeowww.
Meowwwww22 is the cat version of "!!!111".
Help this cat be more a11y!
Did you get scared by my big red eyes?
Ever heard the story of the cat who was asked to help?
It's called Safecat because we keep the Help safe from you!
My irony will be wasted on you.
We'll be happy NOT to hear your improvement proposals.
My complaint box is located in a deep volcano on Jupiter.
Are you still here? Don't get hints, do you?
The mating habits of mushrooms in Papua New Guinea interest me more than you do.
Still here? Did you get stuck on a gum or something?
Why don't u "make" like a tree, and get out of here?
Wanna buy some holy water?
I got a bridge to sell you.
Help again? You gotta be kidding me.
Who gave you a license to use a computer?
Do you ask for help so often just to see me?
Oh, it's you again, great.
You don't get money asking for help you know.
Look into my eyes... look deep into my eyes... you want to give me a treat.
A lasagna? You confuse me with another cat.
The safecat is about to take over Garfield.
He's here, he's there, he's everywhere! Sa-fe-c-at!
Nom nom nom, can't you see I'm hitting.
I don't think I need a catchphrase.
This software is really quite intuitive.
No, This Is Not Based Entirely on Julie's Life.
Guess my favorite color?
There's nothing like the smell of scorched earth early on the morning.
I'm the cat version of Cyclop.
Where does one apply to the League of Super-Pets?
What's a Cat accent sounds like Hihihihimeowww.
I'll purr when you'll finally go.
When you shut down your computer the real party starts.
I'm not really made for social media.
This is not TikTok or Instagram, this is real life.
You're a Mastodon person, right? Hihihimeowww.
Ever heard of Woolball?
87.8% of all statistics is something people made on the spot.
There are three kinds of lies lies damned lies and statistics 
My primetime was in an 80s adventure game hero.
Ansi art is gonna make a comeback.
Quoting Einstein will not make you Einstein, Einstein.
It's not the Imposter Syndrome, you're just bad at your job.
Life is what happens to others while you stare at a talking Ansi Cat on screen.
My hero is Bun-buns from Sluggy Freelance.
My dream is to be a star of a funny webcomics.
The smaller violin in the world is playing for you.
If you walk around with a hammer the whole day, don't be shocked the whole world looks like a nail to you.
Why waste my breath? You won't get my wittiness.
Prrrrr Meowwwww Prrrrrrr hihihimeoww222.
Go stand inside a fire tornado.
Ever seen a cat caring?
I'm called Safecat and it's safe to assume you won't get why.
Me? Condescending??
No no no no no no no no no no no no no.
Farts ARE funny.
The greatest British sitcom of all time is Yes, (Prime) Minister.
The greatest American sitcom of all time is Cheers.
Hope you don't have ailurophobia!
Felinephobia... ailurophobia... catophobia... just go away already!
I have no energy for long words and your name is such a long word.
Coming to think about it, I don't give a damn.
Here's Looking At You, Kid
99 bottles of not caring on the wall, 99 bottles of not caring..
There are a hundred reasons not to help you.
